Add Streaming API docs (#3284)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/design/create-api/create-streaming-api/create-a-websub-streaming-api.md

# Create a WebSub API

Follow the instructions below to create a WebSub API using the basic flow.

### Design a WebSub API

> 1.  Sign in to the WSO2 API Publisher `https://<hostname>:9443/publisher` (e.g., `https://localhost:9443/publisher`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Sign in to the WSO2 API Manager (WSO2 API-M) Publisher Portal `https://<hostname>:9443/publisher` (e.g., `https://localhost:9443/publisher`).
```

2.  Go to **CREATE API** and Click **Design New Streaming API**.

    [![Design New Streaming API]({{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/design-api/streaming-api/design-new-streaming-api.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/design-api/streaming-api/design-new-streaming-api.png)

    <html><div class="admonition note">
      <p class="admonition-title">Note</p>

>       <p>The <b>CREATE</b> button will only appear for a user who has the <code>creator</code> role permission.</p>

Reviewer: Similar to [1].
[1] https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/pull/3284/files#r589208308

When required by a webhook provider (eg: GitHub), the secret generated by a WebSub API can be used to register the WebSub API with the webhook provider. This is used by the webhook provider to sign the payload when sending events back to the WebSub API.
     
1. Click **Runtime** and navigate to Runtime Configurations. Expand the **Subscription** section.

     [![WebSub API Runtime Configurations]({{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/streaming-api/websub/websub-api-runtime-configurations.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/streaming-api/websub/websub-api-runtime-configurations.png)
     
2. Select **SHA1** as the **Signing Algorithm**.

3. Click **Generate**, which will generate a secret.

     [![WebSub API Generate Secret]({{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/streaming-api/websub/websub-api-generate-secret.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/streaming-api/websub/websub-api-generate-secret.png)
     
4. Click **Save**. 

     The generated secret can be used when registering the topic with a webhook provider. For a detailed tutorial, see [Create and Publish a WebSub API]({{base_path}}/tutorials/streaming-api/create-and-publish-websub-api).

> Now, you have successfully created and configured a Streaming API. Next, let's [Publish your API]({{base_path}}/learn/design-api/publish-api/publish-an-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you have successfully created and configured a Streaming API. Next, let us [Publish your API]({{base_path}}/learn/design-api/publish-api/publish-an-api).
```

Author: We use `let's` in REST API docs as well, so let's keep it this way :)
